Fix GCP resource reference information (#1101)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-aws.md

- Your preferred node instance type.
- Your preferred maximum node count.

> If you do not specify configuration preferences, Astronomer will create a cluster with `m5.xlarge` nodes and a maximum node count of 20 in `us-east-1`. For information on all supported regions, configurations, and defaults, see [Resources required for Astro on AWS](resource-reference-aws.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify configuration preferences, Astronomer creates a cluster with `m5.xlarge` nodes and a maximum node count of 20 in `us-east-1`. For information on all supported regions, configurations, and defaults, see [Resources required for Astro on AWS](resource-reference-aws.md).
```
